Spring - Web MVC Framework
Sol. The Spring Web MVC framework provides MOdel-View-Controller(MVC) architecture and ready component that can be used 
to develop flexible and loosely coupled web applications. The MVC pattern results in separating the different aspects of 
the application(input logic, business logic, and UI logic), while providing a loose coupling between these elements.
    * The Model encapsulates the application data and in general they will consist of POJO.
    * The View is responsible for rendering the model data and in general it generates HTML output that the client's 
    browser can interpret.
    * The Controller is responsible for processing user requests and building an appropriate model and passes it to the 
    view for rendering.

Spring - AOP with Spring Framework
Sol. Aspect-Oriented Programming entails breaking down program logic into distinct parts called so-called concerns and 
    these cross-cutting concerns are conceptually separate from the application's business logic.
    Spring AOP module provides interceptors to intercept an application.

Spring - Transaction Management
Sol. A database transaction is a sequence of actions that are treated as a single unit of work.These actions should 
    either complete entirely or take no effect at all. Transaction management is an important part of RDBMS-oriented 
    enterprise application to ensure data integrity and consistency. The concept of transaction can be described with the 
    following 4 key properties:
    * Atomicity : A transactions should be treated as a single unit of operation, which means either the entire sequence 
    of operation is successful or unsuccessful.
    * Consistency : This represents the consistency of the referential integrity of the database, unique primary keys in 
    tables, etc.
    * Isolation : There may be many transaction processing with the same data set at the same time.Each transaction should 
    be isolated from others to prevent data corruption.
    * Durability : Once a transaction has completed, the results of this transaction have to be made permanent and cannot 
    be erased from the database due to system failure.
